docs: sdk revision (#545)
encord-team/encord-active: docs/docs/faq.mdx

   This will allow you to continuously see what have been computed so far.
   Refresh the browser once in a while when new metrics are done computing in your first terminal.

> 2. You can also kill the import process as soon as metrics have started to compute. This will leave you with a project containing less metrics. As a consequence, you will not be able to see as many insights as if the process is allowed to finish.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. You can also kill the import process as soon as metrics have started to compute. This will leave you with a project containing fewer metrics. As a consequence, you will not be able to see as many insights as if the process is allowed to finish.
```

> 2. You can also kill the import process as soon as metrics have started to compute. This will leave you with a project containing less metrics. As a consequence, you will not be able to see as many insights as if the process is allowed to finish.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. You can also kill the import process as soon as metrics have started to compute. This will leave you with a project containing fewer quality metrics. As a consequence, you will not be able to see as many insights as if the process is allowed to finish.
```
